Added Azure.SQLMI.AADOnly (#2127)
Azure/PSRule.Rules.Azure: docs/en/rules/Azure.SQLMI.AADOnly.md

---
severity: Important
pillar: Security
category: Identity and access management
resource: SQL Managed Instance
online version: https://azure.github.io/PSRule.Rules.Azure/en/rules/Azure.SQLMI.AADOnly/
---

# Azure AD-only authentication

## SYNOPSIS

Ensure Azure AD-only authentication is enabled.

## DESCRIPTION

> Azure AD authentication is a mechanism to connect to your SQL resource by using identities in Azure AD.
> 
> SQL Managed Instance should be using Azure AD authentication. SQL legacy authentication mechanisms such as SQL logins are unable to provide sufficient protection for identities. Azure AD authentication provides strong protection controls including conditional access, identity governance, and privileged identity management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure SQL Managed Instance supports authentication with SQL logins and Azure AD authentication.

By default, authentication with SQL logins is enabled.
SQL logins are unable to provide sufficient protection for identities.
Azure AD authentication provides strong protection controls including conditional access, identity governance, and privileged identity management.

Once you decide to use Azure AD authentication, you can disable authentication with SQL logins.
```
